[in_app_purchase] Fix upgrading subscription by deferred proration mode on android. (#4560)
flutter/plugins: packages/in_app_purchase/in_app_purchase_android/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.2.2

> * Fix `PurchaseStatus` return `error` when user upgrades subscription by deferred proration mode.

Reviewer: nit: prefer using present tense in CHANGELOG as per new [guidelines](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Contributing-to-Plugins-and-Packages#changelog-style).
```suggestion
* Fixes the `purchaseStream` incorrectly reporting `PurchaseStatus.error` when user upgrades subscription by deferred proration mode.
```
